He wasn't ready, now he wants an alibi
He's got a steady job, he's never done it
From Hollywood, California
In the back real of Meltdown Comics
Harmontown is now in session
Yeah, it's so great to die in such a small world
Oh yeah
It's so great to die in such a small world
Yeah, it's so great to die in such a small world
Let's bring out somebody near and dear to my heart
Mr. Spencer Quentin
Oh yeah
And the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harlan
Thank you very much, thank you
Thank you
You seem very cocksier tonight
I'm a little high
I'll be honest with you
What flavor of narcotics are you on tonight?
Just weed or what?
Strawberry cough, I think it's called?
I don't know, sativa
I'm not, I don't make that my gimmick
It's make that society's gimmick
Legalize it!
Alright, Nancy Reagan died
Maybe that's why I got so high before the show
I feel like a ghost finally stops telling me to say no to things
Maybe I...
Did you write that joke down, was that prepared?
No, I just made the connection, I came out
I followed, I told them I'm high
They're gonna know sooner or later that I'm high
And then I was like, I got one thing to talk
Nancy Reagan died
You just said yes
But then, yeah, okay
It's not like you've been saying no your whole life
No I haven't, but yet a floodgate did open more
Maybe that's what happened
Alright, so Nancy Reagan
94 years old, rich
So, you're saying foul play
The curse of the first ladies
They all die
All of these women married first men
All of them are dropping away
And they're 90s
Year by year
Norma Taft
You know, you want to be a great serial killer
Kill people who are 94
There was a, you know, famous people die
The reason for saying famous people, they die as often
If not more than the obscure
They die less
That's the point of being famous
They're rare
They die less?
They're rare people
Famous people die less than non-famous people
I thought it was closer to a one-to-one ratio
In a room full of 100 people
Less of them that die will be famous
Well, because they're less famous people
Exactly, that's the point I was trying to make
Okay, I dig it, alright
There are less famous deaths than obscure deaths
We just know about the famous ones
Man, you're blowing my mind right now
I really did think that was an awesome mind-blowing quote
I picture that as being like Yogi Berra or Mark Twain on a calendar
Like, there are less famous deaths than obscure ones
We just know about the latter
I can't get it back
I thought I did something amazing
I want you to smoke more strawberry coffee before every show
Nancy Reagan, charm, grace, and a passion for America
A lot of the headlines were like, this elegant suave
Like, I don't know, it's a little class and like, I don't know
There's praising her dress
A lot of people say she wore a red dress
She wore that red dress all the time
And then it's hard, it's like, well, okay, she's...
There's the kind of USA Today article
Everybody kind of chimes in
And you have people like, for instance, let's see
Like Obama, he's got, of course, he's got to say something
He said, our former First Lady redefined the role in her time here
President Obama said in the statement
Later, in her long goodbye with President Reagan
She became a voice on behalf of millions of families, blah, blah, blah
People are like, what did she contribute?
Let's eulogize her, blah, blah, blah
Steve's scrolling down, Mitt Romney said...
Well, he kind of...
He said something kind of dickish too
That'll undercut my punchline, which is Trump
But it's like everybody from Republicans to Democrats
And everyone in between, people that lost their election
Like Jimmy Carter had to say something, and he said
Mrs. Reagan's Just Say No program
Prevented many young people from falling prey to the allure of drug use
Like, he's...
She started a phony war on drugs
That's put a bunch of people in prison for no goddamn reason
But just confine this to the box of how to do a eulogy
Just for a second, and then we'll get to all that stuff
And that was mine
So it's just paragraph after paragraph after paragraph
It's like, Jim Henson said this, Jimmy Carter said that
And it's just like, oh, what's he going to say?
She was like a muppet of people
But it says like...
People largely get to like, Obama had a really nice story
I think I read the wrong paragraph where he really kind of nailed it the most
Because he really did, he was like...
It's hard to move into the White House
She gave Michelle Obama kind of like a tutorial in it
She was like, you know...
Focusing on her
Donald Trump called Mrs. Reagan the wife of a truly great president
That's it, that's the end of my story
People say he's a misogynist
But listen to that, listen to how much he loves women in that quote
What are you saying?
What a fucking cunt
He can't do anything I like
It's kind of magical, because he's that...
Every time he says something you're like, I fucking want to just hit you in the face
The wife of a truly great president and an amazing, amazing woman
She's really, really, really great, no it's true, it's true
No it's true, it's true
Well, Ted Cruz said she will be remembered for her deep passion for this nation
And love for her husband
I mean, of course, she'll be remembered for her love for her husband
That's because her husband will be remembered
She did take care of a deeply senile, demented old dude for a long time
And she was really cool about that
It was really weird to dance C and then I turned the TV on for a moment today
And Anderson Cooper was talking to his mom, Gloria fucking Vanderbilt
That's fucking weird too
His mom's Gloria Vanderbilt, if I'm not mistaken
And so they interviewed her, because she and Nancy were apparently boozing buddies
They were really good friends
And so he's talking to Gloria Vanderbilt on the phone
And Anderson Cooper, news anchor
Okay mom, so, and he kept calling her mom
I was like, this is the worst news show in the world
Talking to your mom
That sounds adorable
I mean, she actually eulogized Nancy quite well because they were pals
But here's the thing, like so Nancy Reagan, you think, well, you guys don't think
Some of you think, I don't know, like Norma Taft
But I was a child of the 80s
Nancy Reagan sat on Mr. T's lap
Nancy Reagan was the just say no lady
Nancy Reagan was on, why can't I speak, because I'm high
Nancy Reagan was on different strokes
And she had a little gimmick and she was like, she was Nancy Reagan
But...
Did she do a little dance?
She would, you know, she would
Just like they would trot her out and she would be like, I'm here with Knight Rider
Knight Rider can say words that cars can't
I eat all of them, but there's only one word your car needs to know
And that's no
To drugs
Because my administration marks the beginning of a concept where you take, like for instance, crack cocaine
And you say you get ten years in jail for the weight of crack cocaine
That you would get, like, a thousand years
Anyways, it was, there was a lot of shit that you see people tweeting
And you go, like, why are you legitimizing this person?
I count myself among that
It's like, come on, Don Knotts dies
And you go, look, a lot of people are dying, Don Knotts died
And he was in the show, goodbye Don Knotts
If a president dies, then you go, like, ah, well, I remember that time in my life
He was president of it, okay
Net, net, net, net zero, like, probably
Positive memories and negative, whatever, didn't know
The wife of a president, I'm like, I don't know, I don't know how to deify anybody
Because if you're deifying her, you're deifying her for breakfast in America or whatever that era was called
It's a dawning of a new age where we're going to take all the mentally ill people and throw them in the street
And just call them homeless from now on
Like, like, like, that's not her
She wasn't, like, banging a gavel and saying, we should do that
She wasn't necessarily, like, here's the thing
Big, big, big, big mistake we made during that era
The biggest complaint that, I mean, is the gay community
Because they literally, not only were they not responsive to what they knew was an epidemic
That they, actually, there's paper trails of them, like, going
Let's actually, come on, we don't need that much funding for, like, like, that area and stuff
That's scandalous
And then I said, there was a, oh, yeah, yeah, it was scandalous because it was a gay disease
And then there's a story I read today and, oh, she just died
So I'm, like, standing over a grave and going, now let's talk about what a shitty time that was
I'm not talking about her
You know what I mean?
She's probably an amazing person
If I were Nancy Reagan and my legacy, we're all going to remember her for having a red dress
Being a first lady in that order
And say no to drugs
Just say no
What if she fucking just OD'd?
If I were Nancy, I would just say, I'm just going to speedball it
I want you to find me with Dave Navarro in a bathroom floor
Or if she just sat on her deathbed, if she just said, like, listen
Just say yes
To all of it
Yeah
Yeah, there was a story I read in this
Like, it brought all kinds of memories back to me
Because it was a story about how
It's a bit, like, it's a bit, I mean, it's inflammatory
Like, maybe you don't even need it
Your hair looks amazing tonight
Do you blow dry it?
What's going on?
Did you shampoo?
Just assume you're making fun of me
No, I'm not
I'm saying, it looks really nice
Okay, all right
Having flashbacks to the school bus
This guy can't, cannot take a cover
Okay, I get it
I look good, it's hilarious, goddammit
Just say thank you, Jeff
Thank you, Jeff
I thank you, but I don't know if it's true or not
Your hair looks
I'll have, let me look
It looks I don't I don't know I well if that's not I can't see what happens on that camera
I'm gonna look
Give a profile and if I agree then I'll say thank you give a profile to all the cameras right now so we can see
It's looking good
Here wow is there a way you can see can I show you what I'm seeing from the like when you face forward with
That work from your camera. Well, it'll it'll involve of some coming and going but
You can't airdrop it to me, but is this oh, well, I can't I know I can't see that
No, you need to take a picture of them
So old
Yeah, you look just like me
I
Really, I hope I hope I hope I hope it stays this fun until we just die like
I mean, that's apparently Nancy Reagan was like yeah, I'm 94. I don't understand Donald Trump
Like must be nice because a lot of people are like I'm 17. I just ate my shoe, but
That's a terrible way to die. Yeah, I just now found out you can eat a shoe
People when back in the old days of leather shoes when you got hungry enough you boiled your boot and you ate it
Verna Herzog ate a boot he
Verna Herzog did a bet with Robert Semeckis. Who was it?
Errol Morris
If it was Robert Semeckis and you wouldn't you wouldn't be able to trust the results like I feel like I bet I bet
That's not a real boot
He did a he did a bet about
They had some gentlemen's bet about the documentary world. I I bet I
Finishing a film on time. Okay, good. Perfect
So finish a film by certain deadline and go on Herzog
The bet was that he would eat a shoe and did Errol Morris shoot Herzog eating a shoe. Yeah
Should look it up
What's up? Oh
He frightened duck fat. Oh fancy. All right
Yeah, I mean if you're gonna eat a shoe
What kind of shoe is it? It was like a like a Reebok or what?
Headline Nancy Reagan refused to help dying Rock Hudson get age treatment
Is that true? It's it's it's it's it's a story that is like I was reading it
It was like bringing back all these memories because the interesting thing is it's a story about I don't know if this
This should be on her hands or not, but how rock Hudson back in those days
He they're in France. They had
Treatments that were far more advanced than ours along the road of like acknowledging age and how to treat it rock Hudson
Was like in line to get that treatment
But he was blocked at an international level because this was a French hospital
And there was red tape tying it up and there was a point where somebody had called the White House and said
This is a friend of Nancy's from the acting day a friend of not Ronald's
He if a call from the White House might be able to get him through to this French hospital and
The there was a so they're you know, they're this incident is like sort of
Pulled apart and you're talking to each person on the chain. They're the person that answered that call and went to Nancy
Reagan and said this is the situation with rock Hudson. He acknowledges. He's he's on the side of like this is not about AIDS being a
Stigmatized or anything like that that it was about objectivity
Egalitarianism, oh god if we did a favor for our Hollywood friend
Can you imagine lots of other people of course making the very valid observation that give me a break if Bob
Hope had colon cancer if you wouldn't fucking bomb to that
Just just to get your frustrations out
Wasn't it wasn't it rock Hudson's
Death from AIDS what softened the Reagan stance on it like it wasn't that the first time they kind of acknowledged
Well, this is the thing is that that's what got me really thinking about this because part of this article is it's not
It's not all just like sort of slinging and you know TM zing about like
Oh, and Nancy Reagan like didn't like it goes into
You know conjures these memories like you get a lot of you guys like you know
it's like like I was on the playground and rock Hudson died of AIDS and
Like the two things that happened were just a huge avalanche of horrible horrible jokes
Just like that's how I most remember it in my brain is like the 10,000 awful
Even by then standards let alone today's like horrible horrible jokes about this guy rock Hudson
That none of us had ever heard of because we were kids in a playground
But it's just like rock Hudson this rock Hudson that knock knock was there rock Hudson's game
It's an underwear and suddenly it's just like everything
Really there was just gay jokes because no one understood what AIDS was and what it meant
I remember a bunch and I won't repeat them because they're terrible
So it was like that that it's like it's it's it's a sad wistful kind of
Story because you remember like this guy like it's it's like you kind of wish that he could have known because obviously he went out fighting and
scared and
Probably ashamed probably deeply ashamed and like to think you know, he's like he's sort of the Randy Quaid in the
Independence Day like yeah, he's like I'm like he's he's his because everyone acknowledges historically and in fact academically that like
Rock Hudson showing up on the radar at that time
We managed to nudge the meteor that could have destroyed so much more
Yeah, you know a little bit out of its trajectory at that people had to start talking about it
There was no choice left anymore. And so all that leads to dollars and cents going and you know, whatever
So it was it was a weird day
I think for a lot of people because Ronald Reagan's long dead and it was like Nancy Reagan died and she was actually kind of a
I mean
It was a weird day for a lot of people with a lot of gay friends who died back then
Because we were sort of in a in a and then and now she's dead and it's like do you spit if you're a 55 year old
Gay guy. Do you go like fuck you? I hope I hope it hurt
When you died
Stop me if I've mentioned this before on the show
But like I 20 years after I was in the king and I I went and met the leading lady
Who was 20 years later, so now I'm like three feet taller and I was 11 when I last saw her now
I was 31 and she was
41 when I knew her and now she's 61 and we met with a great talk and at one point
I said like how is so-and-so and I mentioned all the the dancers and she's like they're all gone and
And I said all of them I go. What about so-and-so? What about so-and-so?
They're like they're all dead Jeff they all died like a few years later
And I should the only dancer in the show that wasn't dead was the only straight guy that was married to one of the women dancers
She's just everybody else has gone and she goes that also that's just one show
She goes all of Broadway died like and not not just our dancers, but
engineers and artists and you know like doctors and like a huge generation and I
I'm not the first person to say this or put this
Theory out there, but I think the idiocracy that we're living in right now and that we the
The the candidates that are running to rule the world right now
I think a lot of it we never recovered from a giant generation of smart people dying like like at once
Like in the same way the England that never quite recovered from all of its you know
Intelligent men all all dying in two wars over a couple generations
And you don't you don't get a Churchill anymore you get Cameron and those fucking dick wands you say
Jeff saying Churchill was gay
Which I think that's cool, but Churchill you're gonna get flack for that Churchill. Oh, could he suck a dick?
That's why he loves cigars. He was practicing the whole time
They named the Church of Cigar after him because it was the most like a dick
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself and insert stereotype about curtains or prosciutto or something
I bracketed it. I'm not fucking the whole the whole quote was the only thing we have to fear is fear itself and terrible
Hello, dolly revivals
All right, let's bring out a
Rob Schrab
So right before I walked out on stage
Here he let me know I left a t-shirt that he gave me last week
I didn't I just want to say if you don't want it
I'll I'll give it to somebody who is that what you're sitting so far. Are you sitting a far away from him?
I sit here every week
Didn't we agree that for camera it's better that he sits closer to the didn't I agree that I want to sit over by you guys
Why do we what shit my
Why do we even have rehearsals Rob? Why do we come to rehearsal?
All right, you guys are not this but we do tech rehearsals dress rehearsals
We do a cute a cue rehearsal right before you guys get in here
So are you guys ready to learn a new thing that I've learned in therapy? Yeah. Yes. Well. Oh you guys too
Uh
That certainty
Hmm. Oh, yeah, I
Have an overreactive mind and a hyper vigilant mind and an easily startled mind
These are things that I've learned in therapy
There are symptoms of
You know like when I said you had nice hair and you freaked out
Well, I
Protected myself
from a compliment
Sorry go ahead don't overreact I'm not I'm not going to and here's why okay
certainty so
certainty
Whenever I so my therapist told me and I've already fucked it up like three times since she prescribed this but
At least I've noticed
Whenever I'm certain of something I need to look at that as a warning sign
Okay, what are you certain of right now?
Nothing man. Well, like nothing give us of nothing. Give us a for instance. What's something? Yeah? Yeah?
I don't get it. Well, I didn't make any sense
Well, like if you're certain if you if so if somebody says like nice nice hair your hair looks nice
And you're certain that they're making fun of you, right? Then it's like like it's before it
See what what if no one says that to you ever?
Well, so what it doesn't matter you could you could become certain of something like like oh
Rather than this is tiered an Isaac. What is that?
It's a dune tube. It blew up his tire blew up his thigh
Didn't blow my dive slow-mo slow-mo atomic bomb tears. Yeah
You could become certain of something sitting in your apartment alone true
Probably that's actually people talking to people is the
Probably the I'm I'm just thinking
It it's the it's the surefire way to become uncertain and we've kind of fight that because we get rewarded for it
We think or we you know, we stay safe. We go like this motherfucker trying to tell me that I want my bun toasted
I've been eating this breakfast sailors for
Nine on to five years. I ain't never got the bun toasted this motherfucker trying to tell me
He's trying to upsell me and then you go like let me guess toast in the bun costs more
And they're like no just thought you might like the bun toasted trying to make it nice for you psycho
And you're like and then you look back and you go
Oh, I was certain of something the
If you if you if you had the same amount of information going through your head you could just as easily go oh
And does it cost more to have the bun toasted? It's the information you need so up speak
Look this isn't for everybody
It's she specifically said like what other people need to be you can need to have more confidence in their certainty than you do
She said to me like who I like anybody but me. I don't know she named names. What?
Don't you guys go to the same therapist? I'll Troy and Bob and Eric
Do you guys name eight billion people instead of just saying focusing on three?
Dan what are you certain about right now? Rob is undermining the show. No
No, I'm gonna make a conscious effort not to do that because I I listen to the show and I and I've been bad and I I
Don't I don't I don't I don't want I don't want to cause pain
It's especially you and I don't you know, I mean I'm just I have questions and I just
Don't get answers very often and you know, all right. I'm trying to figure it out
I'm just trying to figure it out like the rest of y'all man
Trying to get home. I'm like
you know
Unlike Bill Paxson and trespass trespass man. I'm like I'm trying to I'm just trying to get a try to make it
Bye like everybody else man
You know I'm trying to make it by I'm trying to make it by like everybody else make it by a saying
I'm trying to make it by like everybody else. I
Think you're trying to convince us that trying to make it by
I'm trying to make it by everyone Hitler tried to make it by
It doesn't even matter if it did or not
I didn't try to make it by it like everybody else. Yeah, I didn't in a very specific way
That's the difference. No, but everyone tries to make it by
Six million Jews are in their way. I'm just trying to make it
No, he thought he thought a lot more Jews were in the way. He fell short of his mark
That's that's an important thing to
settle
I get you when Hitler was in the bunker and he's about to blow him him and his dog and his girlfriend or newly
Like what I just
I'm just a dog. I just got here. What am I gotta go to?
They tried the cyanide out on the dog to make sure the cyanide works
They didn't want to do some bogus cyanide because he was so paranoid that he thought maybe somebody gave me some fugezi cyanide
It's just gonna make you go sleepy town. I'm gonna wake up in a Russian jail
And so he's like, let's make sure this is actual not kill a dog kill a Hitler cyanide
And he killed his beloved dog that he had one of the only things that
I'll say like that, but we know that he liked was his dog
You know, he had this he was thinking
Like that two birds with one thing and she's like I want to kill my keys. He killed his whole family, right?
So now that was a gerbil's killed his whole family. He killed all the children and shit
Hitler went in and killed Eva Braun himself and but he tried it on the dog first
Oh to make sure and he really liked that dog. I think that was probably the hardest decision. He probably ever made
I
Know that in two minutes, I'm gonna shoot you in the head with my Luger
But I don't want to make sure I want to make sure the cyanide we're taking like it's not just knock you out
Eva's like you killed how many Jews give me a
Brace kill the dog kill the dog. Yeah, the dog is your problem. Wrap it up. The dog. He's worried about wrap it up
He's worried about wrap it up. I'm just trying to get by man
Wrap it up. See he just changed. It used to be make it by now. It's trying to get by
Wrap it up, man. Come on. Just wrap it up
Wrap it up. You think that five vacuum this living room one more time. I'm gonna kill myself
And you think they got in a big fight where she's like she's like what are you doing?
He's like I'm trying to get out of the dog and she's like why and he's like cuz I don't want it
Haven't turned out to hurt everybody or anyone to have to suffer and she's like oh mr. Antisuffering all of a sudden
And then he's like wait, what does that mean and she's like come on
What do you think it means give me the pill and he's like wait? No, I'm not killing us until you tell me what the fuck that meant
Because I came home and told you I want to kill the Jews and you said that's nice sweetie. You said that's nice sweetie. Don't you fucking turn your back on me now
The Russians are at the door. We are about to die. Are we on the same team or not?
Just give me the just give me the pill. Just give me the pill. It's important to me
Why doesn't anyone care about what's important to me Hitler?
Do you know what a long day I've had
No one ever asks what I want
Do you think Hitler had a certainty issue too?
Yeah, so you think you have that in common you said you said you're it's eight million other people don't have what you have
But you think probably Hitler too, right?
See right and see I just I just felt a flash of certainty that you were my enemy
And then I just let it float down a river like a lotus leaf
Just because someone compares you to Hitler doesn't mean they're your enemy exactly. What do I know I?
Know my uncle's ghost is here
But that's not certainty that's just my ghost busting equipment
And so the EKG's are going up Spencer. Do you relate to that certainty sure?
Do you have a whole different kind of angle now with me man?
But I go what he's saying it sounds like his therapist identified a pattern of self-depeating thinking and tried to get him to
You know identify it early on and intervene before it gets out of control. It seems pretty smart. Yeah
How about that Ghostbusters, right I
Intentionally did not watch the trailer even though everybody on Facebook and Twitter is trying to make me watch it
I don't want it. I don't want to know a single thing about it when I walk in cold to that one
Yeah, I'm not gonna watch it trailers are dumb man those buttons too hot
I wanted to be good because who doesn't want to enjoy something
Well
I agree with that because of course we all want to have fun at all times
What if you didn't agree with that? I didn't know that there was a Batman Superman movie coming out until my lift left
Miss this young Latina lift driver. She was so you're excited about the new
Superman Batman movie like I look up at a billboard like oh, I didn't know there was one and she's like I said she was
Are you going to go see it? I was like
You know if everybody that I like says it's awesome. I'll probably go see it if nobody says it's great
I won't I will never see it and I go who's playing it. She's Ben Affleck is Batman like not seeing it
That's fucking dumb
Dum that does sound super dumb
I just don't see how I might see it if he never is Bruce Wayne and only has the mask on the whole time
So I'd never have to look at his dumb face
Ben Affleck, I know you listen to Harmontown
You have a dumb face I
Guess I must be pickier because I was I was actually only picturing with the mask on and I was still like no
He's gonna Bruce Wayne it up. He's he's I guess mostly Bruce Wayne. I think the way they've been selling it. Yeah, that's
Yeah, is he gonna wait who's directing this one is it you some Jack Zack Snyder?
Okay, is he Zack Snyder?
Never heard of me. Is uh, do we know what the
Sister is it gonna be a weird nipple nipple Batman or
Uh, it looks more like old-school like Frank Miller Batman. Oh, yeah, it's closer to that
Are you excited about it Rob? You care about such things. Yeah, I
Still haven't seen Star Wars keychain me neither me neither. I went I went to Star Wars
My I this is the story is gonna start off in a disappointing fashion. I had just done yoga and spin
And then I as one does when you're on a health kick, I went straight to the drawing room to have drinks and
Then my friends said hey
We have an extra ticket to go see Star Wars because it was like the week after it came out
You want to come like all right, so I was tired and I'm like if you do yoga and spin and you have three drinks
You're sleepy
So I fell asleep five minutes into that movie and they had the 3d glasses on and ever after the movie was over
They had to wake me up like Jeff
Jeff, I'm like, huh?
Really five minutes in was asleep. It was a great nap because you got great music and
And they're like, oh, we thought you were just really in the zone
So then I said I gotta go see this movie. I'm gonna go see it alone. I'm gonna be rested and be sober
I'm gonna watch this movie. This is Star Wars Star Wars, and I you're going back to see there was a second time
No, this is I'm saying to myself the next week. I'm like, okay. I got to go back and see that I had a dream
I had a dream or I went to the Vista theater in Los Feliz and saw Star Wars fell asleep in it
Fell asleep in your dream fell asleep in my dream and then my dream my dream was about the dreams
I had while not watching Star Wars
So I'm like, this movie's got to be boring Jeff, you know, we're already impressed by you. You don't have to tell us
Your dream your dreams don't have to be special
Dan your certainty is really bumming me out
All right. Yeah, so you're but here's why you're upset right now
Here's why you had to undercut me. It's because my not seeing Star Wars story is better than you're not seeing Star Wars
I'm gonna wait and saw it's coming in April
That's my story
You're right. What's coming in April Star Wars?
To my tunes. Oh, oh, you can watch it at home. I'm just gonna watch it on iTunes like I watch everything
I don't know about the society no more. What?
What's the last thing you watched on iTunes? I watched a I watched the Omen I
Just watched both. Well, I just tried to watch both versions of the Omen
I didn't know there was a leave Shriver version. I watched that
Yeah, I
My lover is a as a writer and the research area. Thank you and a director
Yeah, you don't have to talk about Robin the third person. Yeah, I'm ready to
Talk to him in the second or first person. Yes, I'm the phone
You are becoming me I am Rob Schrab
All right, well, you know, you're saying your lover's a writer and what and we're watching some movies in a certain category or
Yeah, area
Movies about omens say what are they all movies about omens? I heard I heard this
Anybody hear this anybody here here what I'm about to say. I
Really hope you just did like a good bird call. I hear they're having like
Like like six flags or theme parks are
fitting people with virtual reality
headsets and
Stuff and then you like go on a roller coaster and but it you're on a spaceship and you're flying around and stuff
I want to do that. That's kind of pretty cool. I hate roller coasters, but I think that'd be good
I love roller coasters. I'll say if you call them roller coasters. It makes them way up better
Either way, I don't like him, but I'd go so I do that. Have you been on exit magic mountain? No, I don't like him
It's fucking good. Oh good. Hey, I love you brother. I
Wouldn't like it. You wouldn't like it. Why you I don't like you're gonna make chocolate poopies
No, I just don't don't like you're afraid that you when you go on a ride you're gonna make chocolate poopies
No, I don't I don't like roller coaster
I don't I don't I don't like theme. I'll explain it to you. This is weird patronizing ticky has the last time
I heard that I was in a car driving home with them on an airport and my ear hadn't popped and I was in the agonizing pain and I
Got I and I said once between the baggage carousel and fucking home. I said I said goddamn
I left ears to won't pop and he went you gonna make chocolate poopies
Wow your relationship with
Mead is so fucked up that even I can see it. That's crazy
And he just did it to you right in front of me
It sounds like you're both about to make chocolate poopies
I
Spencer you're not about to make chocolate poopies. I can tell but I'm looking at you. That's very kind of you to say I would I would agree I
Just calm like I see him then Spencer and I hung out last night. Yeah, do any of those guys listen to Harmontown?
What Robin invited a bunch of weird people
He's like we're having some friends over and just a bunch of weird fucking people show up
I
Didn't say mean people. I said weird people
All right. Well, it was like to do editors from Lego. Yeah
Boyfriend and we just I know tell me about it. It's all all bad all bad
We watch this movie. It was great. What was it called demons demons? Oh, man
demons I
Can't explain it because it's just a bad movie and explaining a bad movie just sounds terrible
The bad is in quotes Harmon. I never saw the other omens. I don't I love the first one is great
Is there more than two? Well, there's the omen with Gregory Peck and then there's the only two where I believe it's Sam
Neil is Jason Bateman. Yeah, is a grown-up Damien and he's just like president and stuff
He's just like we gotta kill Jesus when he gets born and everyone's like we're trying boss
And it's somehow a three-act movie, but that's all that happened. I fell asleep. We just we've tried I
Think I fell asleep doing it. I fell asleep. I tried watching that
I think probably with you. Hey, it's uh, so I don't want to put I don't want to put this person on the spot
If they're like a spot standing right here
I'm gonna so I'm gonna go with your first name first
I'm gonna say your first name if you think there's a reason what like like like Justin Roiland told me you're here is William here
Yeah, wow
All right, our hair trigger. Okay. So what are you up? Are you all he told me is that you're here?
He didn't tell me whether or not you might be willing to come up. Are you willing to come up?
Okay, well come up come up come up and I'll introduce you
Now you're I mean I it'll be it'll be interesting if it turns out to be the case, but I guess
That process didn't really filter out the possibility of you being a lying sociopath. You could just be a guy that goes
Yeah, it's in his well. I am a lying sociopath, but what's your last name pew?
Yes, and you are the creator of one of the most amazing video games in the world the Stanley parable the co-creator
And you're you're visiting from the UK, so yes
Do you so you had you've never been in front of a crowd maybe that the exhibit never their size?
It's very small. Are you it's just a little island, right? Yeah, yeah, but no
But you must have been it you you you it's a critically acclaimed game and it's like it's it's amazing
So you've been in front of adoring people before yeah, yeah
Well, so, so are you an indie so you said you co-created it who's the other person Davey reading okay a girl
Uh, no, Davey. Oh, I see the Debbie. Oh, no, I wish I want this close to fucking applause
close
So just the two of you partners like like like what's the expertise on both sides?
Yes, so Davey was the main writer and then I kind of did a lot of script editing and then I also did the
Design of it. So the Stanley parable is this amazing
Indie game what was it but like before I explain it to them because I don't fully understand what happened
did you go to valve and
No, so we
We made the game and then we talked we talked to valve and they just publish it. Mm-hmm. Oh, that's the fucking amazing
So is that but then they were able to weave in weave it into it's
Aesthetically it kind of matches the oh, yeah
Well, we were we were poor so we just stole their okay, and they just they just kind of licensed it out right and just yeah
Yeah, that's awesome. Those guys are great
The he made this amazing critically acclaimed video game where you
look at these guys
I'm explaining to you guys. I'm into it. Hello. What's your name by the way? William William. What pew pew pew?
Oh pew. Yes, we already insulted, you know all of Britain, you know, I was I insulted Churchill
Yeah, I know I actually I said I insulted Cameron. I like yeah fucking. Yeah shit. Yeah, he's a pig fucker
He didn't fuck it. He just put his dick in it
All right, so anyways, it's an amazing video game, you know, and you never there's no there's no
Somebody's given birth to a hemorrhoid am I
It's it's it's it's it's like a third-person shooter go for it and then
But there's no shooting and you just walk through this thing and it's based on the narration
There's a vo that keeps explaining about you in the third person voiceover that stands
Stanley did this and Stanley did that and there's and so you're coordinated with the voiceover up until a definitive point where there's like
Oh a red door and a blue door and then it says so it's been telling you Stanley looked around the room
Well, there's nothing really to do but look around the room Stanley walked down the hall
Well, there's only a hall you could walk down, but there comes this definitive point early in the game where there's a red door and a blue door
I'm paraphrasing. I don't know. It's literally that I can't remember
But and then the voiceover says Stanley thought about it for a moment and then walked through the red door
But you can do either thing and so you have to decide right in that moment
Am I gonna keep doing what the voiceover says that I'm doing or am I going to definitively do the opposite? What did you do?
It doesn't matter it puts you in that experience and every choice that you make has like this tree of is it a console game or an app game or
It's a PC and Mac. All right. Yeah, and what is it? Wait, and there's a tree in it
a
Tree of logic. Yeah
How old are you? You look 11 22 Jesus Christ so twice 11 so what is so so?
So when that's how they say 22 in England there. I was not twice 11
You were 19 when you made it. Yeah, but when do you start?
So as you you must you must have been like a little lima bean when you started getting interested in computers. Yeah, I used to be a plant but now
What's your earliest memory of interfacing with a computing machine?
When did you germinate? I think when I was 10 like I learned flash for like animation and so like you started
That's when you were coding. Yeah. Yeah, when you when he was twice five. I
Like those Chelsea boots you got on there, man. Oh, thank you. Those are those are swinging. Oh, where'd you get him get a room?
Leads leads leads. Oh, they got fucking good boots up. Oh, yeah
Are you from Leeds? No, I'm near there, but
You even where I'm from people don't know where I'm from. So why would you?
This goes nowhere. This conversation goes. I'm just trying to give him a shot. What where are you from?
What part of England I am from a
Small village called triangle in West Yorkshire triangle. Yes. That's named after the
You're from way up north pardon you from way up north then. Yes. Yes, you know it'll be more Bartat. No
Yes, you do
I'm my I don't know. I wasn't a song. I'm oh, I thought it was a place to Yorkshire. So, oh
We please talk about video games now
Carmen Sandy fucking a go
Someone's making chocolate
So
It's a it's a relatively short period of time since the first day that you started interfacing with a machine and realizing that you could do more than
Just consume what it was checking out at you and you could make it do what you wanted to around ten years old
Between nine years later, you're creating a video game that if a middle-aged man
Had come up with after decades and decades of interfacing with machines
They would have been very very proud of not to mention a middle-aged woman. Don't fucking write letters
The the but but like so what's what's
So I'm gonna I want to ask you a couple things first. There's a tree of things that I could ask you as a
kind of parable
But like I so what what it when you like
I think the thing that makes it critically acclaimed is that it has it has a distinct style distinct
Voice it's like it's it's a it's a video game that has it's it's it's it's it's like a film that's directed and yet you're interacting with it
So which of you and your partner are?
Who's got this like weird passion for subverting the entire like that was both of us? I suppose like um
Yeah, you don't want to throw him under the bus
No, you did a lot of very important work, but it was all me, you know, that's the important
Yeah, hi me
Pardon what I mean does this represent are we getting a glimpse since you are so young are we getting a glimpse?
It's something that you wish had you the resources like what can you like do you is this what you want to keep doing?
Is this just yeah, I've my employed people now to do for me
So and so and so what's what's your what's your vision of like the ultimate video game? Are you excited about VR?
Yeah, yeah, I'm here to work on a VR thing with Justin actually. All right. I
Wish you would have told me about that but voice rover
It was good, but don't go back and look at it
Are you gonna move the stage nah, nah
Thank you. It's too dry. It's too dry here. Well, it's a desert. There's a whole states. Yeah, you could you could move to Portland
You'd be like working slickers. I don't know anything about Portland. It's it's like England, but it's connected to a giant America
So you can like you're it's like there's a land bridge to the rest of
I know some people find it convenient I
England seems to see it looks like I get claustrophobic
Seems very small. How did it how did it start you like what was the beginning of that?
Had you already worked on games before? Yeah, I've done stuff called mods. So like you um
You take a game that already exists exists like Half-Life or whatever and then you just change things
You make things out of the already existing parts and you move it about and that's that's why I did for what kind of mods
Did you make are they just unofficial just for your own things?
Oh, yeah, I mostly made maps for Team Fortress 2. I also left it dead
Okay, cool. Oh, so you weren't you weren't an employee of the game manufacturer. Oh, no, no, just doing it on your own now
I don't think it was legal for them to employ someone that young. Oh, really? Oh, no. No, it was yeah
It was my first job. Oh, so you were what under 18 men or yeah
I I started working on it when I was 17 and then I've got released when I was 19
So then you then you had you you learned the skills that you needed to make your own game
Mate, are you coding the whole thing? You're doing it all yourself. There's not that much coding
I don't know how to code. All right. Yeah, so you just come up with the concept of a game
then yes, yes, and and then
Using the tools that you get to put that and you go in like it like you're pitching a TV show you pitch
So here's a game idea
I have and you pitch it to this larger company like usually how it works is a rev share and you get the people on the team that you
Need to like make it and then you just split the revenue. Wow. Yeah, great. You do you have another game in the works?
Oh, yeah, I a couple cool. That's great. Is it all?
And obviously you're gonna tell me if there's something you don't want to say out loud
But is it all 2d or all VR that your next project?
We've got two one is 2d and one is fear
And pretty funny every
I
Got two of them to the I see how that's hilarious. I
Do want to know what that guy was laughing at?
Well, let's not let's not cross the line into full shaming him about it. No, no, no, no, but I don't know
Sir sir, I'm gonna look I'm gonna look down and close my eyes
You know just call out maybe what what it was that was amusing you
His the the Williams reaction like how did I react? Oh
Good
Several layers. No, it's okay. We don't know bro. It's just having a great time at your show
Hey guys guys, what is wrong?
It's a jacket make sure you guys are laughing for the right reason. Yeah, no fucking long laughing
Wrong laffer. You're wrong laffer
Unreal
Guys just want to have has a good time. You're just trying to make it bar. It's just trying to make it by
Trying to make it by
This is the only happiness in his life that you make fun of shame. It's terrible. Yeah
That'll save everything keep it going
Did you just vodka shame Dan or
Our show runs on vodka that's that's the gasoline William. Do you think that mankind needs to be governed?
Here we go
Depends what you mean governed. How do you mean governor not in a hot way?
Not like a harness. I
Mean just like like told told what to do. Yeah, I mean, yes, how do you people keep calling each other governor?
All right, all right, okay
Y'all can't be governor all right ding ding we were all thinking it
Why do you people are going to good morning governor? Good morning governor. You can't all it's a term of respect
Okay, all right shut you down right back. Yeah, it's called respect right
But get you also say it like you can use it ironically call somebody gov when you're like you're making like you're not respectable
No, no one actually says it. No, no
But you knew what I was talking about. It's a stereotype like how we say all Americans are idiots, you know, it's not now
But you know, you know, that's actually not a stereotype. That's true
That's that's it's it's not an absolute truth, but it's it's it's heavily backed by like, yeah
100 years, it's it's an it's an allowable statement
I do love I mean, I do you live in London, William? Nope. No, middle of Noah middle of Noah. All right. I'm trying
Triangle
Yeah
He said triangle. Why is it called triangle? Cuz that's what they called it
Why did they call it Los Angeles?
It's in the shape of a triangle. It's because he's actually come on. It's a village. Yeah, it's because they crush all the pus
Oh, they don't call it in a ball. It's just a plant. They just call it crush and pus in England then. No, I'm saying I'm translating it to you guys.
We crush all the pus, governor.
We we govern all the pus. We govern all the pus, governor.
Welcome to the pink triangle, where we govern all the bulls.
Oh, so have you achieved
Were you born were you low born high born mid-born? I was low mid-born low mid-born. Yeah
Yes, my low mid-born friend
I'm representing you
Have you have you have you have you changed much on that scales?
It's like so how does that money come in? It's like so valve
So they take a cup then we split it down depending on they just treated it like a publishing house
Like and it was your book and they yeah, like they don't even like do any services like that
They just put it on this site. Was it strictly 100% on steam?
Yeah, yeah, and then and so and just like like you're rich rich. Yeah, I'm so rich. Yeah, what do you drive?
I mean either but I'm not rich. I have people. Yeah, I was just when I just wanted to hear like an Aston Martin or something
I don't know what I was looking for. It's so tiny there. You could walk. You can walk. Yeah, you just
Walk to all four points. I'm in all four points
Okay, yeah, yeah, okay
He doesn't live in square. Oh
That's what I got. I screwed up. I screwed up
I didn't even realize I thought everyone was laughing at like a boat a United Kingdom joke that
I was like fuck
I'm like dumber than I thought
I guess I guess England's famous for its seven points
I got a little stone before the show
Yeah
Why are you stoned? I'm not stoned. Hey, you guys. Why? Hey, what? I'm talking to my I'm talking to mine
All right, fine. Do you okay? Fine. Fine. We'll both podcast at the same time. Yes, William
Do you have to be a US citizen? Well, what is your secret for your amazing buttermilk biscuits, California residents?
You make a buttermilk biscuit. That's so savory. So do people tell you young Tim Burton a lot? Yeah, delicious
Do you use actual buttermilk? I try not to use milk, but I can't compare. No, you can do it.
Have you ever met Richard Branson?
Put your hand on me. Oh, I'm not.
I don't even think you're good. But I demand it to be toasted. It's not good.
What has happened with Argentina? It's always a thing on Pink Floyd albums, but I never heard.
I can't hear my podcast.
I feel like we should be charging people double for this show. It's twice the podcast.
It's twice podcast.
Spencer, do you have any questions about?
Spencer, do you have any table magic tonight?
Oh, yeah. Does anybody have it?
Why do you have a table? Why do you have a table?
Because the other table is in the shop.
Is it just for your water bottle? Yeah.
Why does he have a table? Well, I don't request a table.
Because he used to roll dice on it and then stopped three years ago.
And he said, I know one thing. Let's keep the table.
Because we're too lazy to change our writer.
We have the same watch. We have the same watch.
Oh, the Milanese bloop.
What do you think of the Apple Watch?
Well, this isn't on merely a fashion statement.
Just to have one in your pocket?
Well, I was wearing it, but it annoys me.
It catches in your arm.
It's fucking awful.
It's like, oh, you put an iPhone on my wrist.
It reminded me that I was so happy that watches didn't have to be a thing anymore.
I don't know. I keep giving it a shot, though.
I keep feeling like, oh, see, there's a text.
Do you do the stand-up every fucking 10 times a day thing on it?
I want to turn that back on. I turned it off.
But I'll find myself going like this a lot.
Oh, yes!
Because there's a text on it that I'm holding.
Yeah, that's it.
Okay.
Because you're usually holding a drink in your other hand.
Yes.
Your nose works like a finger. I love that.
It's dumb, though. You know what?
Yeah, take it off.
This goes right here.
Fuck it.
In case I meet someone else that has an Apple Watch,
and then I'll pull it out of my pocket.
All right.
So you got rich. You're really young.
Are you afraid of the burnout?
Nah, now you just get other people to burn out for you.
Yeah.
What are you talking about?
What's the burnout?
You've not heard of the burnout?
Well, burnout is a game for the PS2 called Burnout.
Right.
And it's about cars.
And it's famous because all of the development team died.
Oh!
Like at once in a plane crash or what?
No, no, no.
They had to launch it in a really short amount of time
because of publishers and stuff.
And so what happened was they had to do Crunch,
which is like you work like 16 to 20 hours a day.
And what happens is they did that for like six months.
And then at the end, like within like a year,
all of them had died.
They called it the burnout.
Is that real?
No.
I felt like you were hoping there were more video game industry people
in the audience at the point where you said
they had to do Crunch and you're like,
okay, fuck, all right.
What is the burnout?
Why would you be afraid of the burnout?
It's like they say prostitutes have like five good years.
And it's like that with coders because you just work.
So you work crazy hours all the time.
Oh, you're mentally burnout.
I got you.
The prostitutes I know have been in the business for decades.
Perhaps you should start seeing other prostitutes.
Oh, snap!
Do not tell me how to have a good time, William.
I'm sorry that was...
Are there any... Do you ever do role-playing?
Yes, let's go to that right now.
Sometimes, I guess.
Do you do that voice when you...
Yeah, what? What, going up?
Yeah.
Yeah, if the situation calls for you to say...
Are you in a monogamous relationship or are you a single woman?
No, I'm just all about fucking...
Again, it's one of these moments where people listen to the podcast for free.
For $5, you can watch this podcast.
I feel like people need to know that we have a sexy 22-year-old Russell Brand game nerd.
And you're really robbing us off right now because...
Pay them money.
You can hear ovaries rattling in here right now.
Ovaries aren't supposed to rattle.
They're not supposed to.
It's when they get able to rattle that they get the most...
It's like a rattle snake.
It's a warning.
Well, it's a warning or an invitation, depending on...
All right, so...
You're all about fucking...
Hold on.
I was going to talk about D&D, but he said sexual role-playing, which I want to talk about.
Can we lower the lights a little bit?
You're not in a monogamous relationship right now.
You're Roman and Bonin.
You coined it?
Hashtag Roman and Bonin.
Probably won't catch on.
It's not that good.
I love Ronin and Bonin's laughing. Did you ever see...
I like when...
The guy that will pop out and go,
Very interesting.
Stop, just give me a second.
I just want to make a good show.
Ronin and Bonin's laughing.
All right, we'll just...
Suck it.
Have you ever...
During a heated...
It doesn't matter if it's a one-night stand, because who cares what happens after.
But the first night,
you're with a person and then you're like,
in the heat of the moment,
we're going to do it.
Have you ever done role-playing in that?
I know you've never said we're going to do it.
But have you ever said,
I'm going to be a tennis instructor?
Have you ever snapped into role-playing
in that moment, the first night?
First day, yeah.
This is a question I didn't ask anybody.
Not because you're a game designer.
Yeah, so a lot of the time,
people are bored by the answer of the question.
What do you do as a job?
I'm a game designer and people aren't interested in that.
Sometimes I just lie and say,
oh, I'm an actor.
I'm...
I'm a construction worker.
And then you have sex with those people
and don't leave character as a construction worker.
So that's role-playing.
Well, that's catcher in the rye role-playing.
That's heavy duty shit.
You know it's a good one I've used before,
because people don't believe you're a construction worker.
My father owns the company
and I managed them.
Ah, nice.
I don't care anymore,
but when I was like...
It's 9-11.
Or as we call it...
What?
I get bored of...
People say, oh, so what do you do?
You don't want to say you're an actor
because you need to go, oh, what have you been in?
I don't want to have that conversation.
So I did think...
A couple times...
This is a good one for guys that are just
terrible people.
If you wanted to be a liar,
say you're a high school principal
and fucking adhere to it.
Say what school just you worked for
and people are like, why are you at a bar?
I'm like, because I'm the principal, baby.
I'm fucking...
Gotta blow off steam.
My high school principal
wasn't tall and like hanging out at bars.
So I...
I really want to do it.
High school principal is sexy.
But you have to be...
The reward is you're either lying to a stranger
the entire time and then they never know.
Or at some point they go like,
come on, you're not...
You've been lying to me
and I should not trust people
in the future and you're like...
I'm just doing my part
to toxify humanity.
Like, I just don't...
I can't picture...
Ever doing that.
The first time I came to LA for Milwaukee
one of the first conversations I had at a bar
because I was like, in a bar,
I don't know anybody in Milwaukee
you might just turn to the person next to you
and go like, hey, how's it going?
And they did it in LA.
I never made this mistake again.
I was like, hey, how's it going?
And the guy's like, fine, fine.
And I'm like...
So you're here to see the band?
And I had no idea I was committing
the fucking devil's sin
if that's a new... coined it?
And he said,
I silk screened t-shirts.
And I said, oh, that's interesting.
So where's the silk of the screen and the thing?
And I'm like, I got a million questions
about silk screening t-shirts.
10 minutes goes by and then he goes,
I'm just fucking with you, dude.
And I went back to my house
and I wrote movies.
And I never went out again.
I was at a bar that was nobody
with my ex roommate from years ago
at the place that you live in, Ron.
My ex angry Irish roommate, Paul.
And he was angry.
He was Irish and angry.
But a great animator.
And we were out at a bar that was at three clubs.
Nobody's in there.
And I was like, can you do all...
Because he was Irish.
And I was like, can you do all UK and Irish?
Can you do regional dialects?
He was like, I'm pretty good at it.
And so he's doing a Scottish accent.
So I was trying to mimic him and do it.
So we're just hanging out at the bar, not for anybody else.
There was nobody in there.
And so we're just talking in Scottish.
He's doing a perfect Scottish accent.
I'm trying to do it, too.
And the bartender's there.
He's heard me already speak in American English.
And he's heard this guy be Irish from Dublin.
And now we're doing Scottish.
Then the bar starts to fill up.
And all of a sudden girls just start gravitating toward this name.
They're like, oh, your accents are so cute.
And we're just doing it like as a joke.
We think they're going to get their drink and fuck off.
Like go back to their seat or whatever.
So now there's this girl.
And she's hanging out.
And so we're doing...
Oh, how far is that from Edinburgh?
I'm making it up.
It's about 50 kilometres.
I have no idea.
And she's like, oh, it's so cute.
And then she invites...
Now her posse shows up.
She invites all the other girls over.
I was thinking she was going to leave for five minutes.
And then there's this really hot girl.
And she goes like, would you...
I really want to go home with you.
But I just have to talk to my dad first.
He's the minister of accent inspection.
And it's William Atherton
in two wigs and eight glasses.
So now we feel bad.
We don't want to tell this girl, oh, we were just fucking with you
thinking this was a temporary bit
that you were going to go away and not hang out with two dorks
pretending to be Scottish at the bar.
And so now there's five chicks hanging out
and the bartender is looking at us like, you fucking turds.
He's just like, oh, boy.
And so now we were embarrassed.
So now we're committing to it.
But now because I'm doing it and I'm getting better at it.
And so we all leave.
Finally they go away.
And I thought, okay, boy, that took a lot more effort.
Shoot, we almost fucked those girls.
Whoo!
I dodged the bomb there.
Oh, my God.
They thought we were cute.
I heard the ovaries rattling.
I knew it was a warning.
Let's say you're Scottish accent.
How do you do it?
Do you Scottish accent?
Well, also I just got a girlfriend later on,
so I'm a bit better at it.
At the time, not that good.
I wouldn't say I'm perfect at it now, but I can do a bit of one.
So I ended up seeing this girl.
You dodged that.
I can do it.
I will only do it, mate.
Can I have your wee chubby?
Your scoffy wee twat.
See, usually in the UK,
the order of pecking is just Scotland.
So I just feel immediately intimidated by that.
What I love about Scottish people is that
in Japanese, people get excited.
You watch old Japanese films and they get excited.
Ooh, they get low.
They get guttural.
In Scottish,
if it goes ever since you've been up here,
you're going to be real for sale.
So I ended up seeing this goddamn chick
every place I went
for the rest of my life.
So we
spent an hour lying to her
and she would come in and I'd be at a bar and I'd go,
I'd be with somebody and I'd go, oh fuck, I'm Scottish.
Hey, how are you?
I saw her. Good to see you again.
And she would bring friends.
I was my friend from Scotland, from Aberdeen.
It was Christ. And then she had friends
that had been to Scotland.
They knew more about it than I did. It was a bummer.
So finally I was so tired.
I'm saying a fucking year goes by
where I would see her every eight days.
Wherever I went, there was only like
five cool bars to go to back then.
And so I would see her everywhere.
Her name was Mouse.
Or as I said, Moose.
There was a moose loose.
So yeah, if you're Scottish, you're not.
So one day she comes in and I was so fucking tired
of this charade.
And she goes, hey Jeff, how are you doing?
I go, good, how are you doing?
And she's like, she kind of cocks like,
I'm good, how are things?
Things are great.
Just having a drink.
And I think she's like, where's your accent?
I said, look, I'm an actor.
And my acting coach told me
that if you want to get rules,
you can't just go in with a Scottish accent.
So I have to practice my American
all the time.
Because I felt,
this is me trying to be a good person.
I was fucking with you.
For some reason that gets me closer
to the mark then.
I would rather you do that.
So I'm trying to, also I'm hoping,
I'm just going to move to a different state
so this doesn't have to keep happening.
So I go, it's better to practice it
all the time and that way
when you go into the room, you're ready
with your American dialect.
And she goes, okay, say something.
It's like an accent. I go, what should I say?
And she goes, I say, I want a hamburger
and fries. I go, I want a hamburger
and fries. And she looks at me and she goes,
that's pretty good.
Alright.
I since years later ran into her
and told her the truth, that the whole thing was safe.
And she's here tonight.
And she's got a gun! She's got a gun!
Now, she's dead.
That woman's name? Nancy Reagan.
No!
That's been our show. Goodnight Drive safely, everybody.
Just say life's a circle!
Alright, back to role-playing.
Dan, where does role-play for you?
What's the funkiest, the most specific role-play?
The most complicated design?
Art departments...
like setup, like how much lead time did it have to have?
I am not at liberty to discuss my sexual role-playing because it's too hot.
Are you afraid that we can't handle it? Is that hot?
No, it's just too... I have discovered recently after, you know,
after living my life going like, I wish, you know, when I was on the playground,
it was like, hey, hey kid, why you get boogers on your jacket?
Well, how can you talk that way, walk that way, and pee that way,
and throw a ball that way, and write that way, and talk that way, and think that way?
How can I smell that way, and behave in all that way?
Why are you doing all those things? Why are you doing that?
And I'd always be like, fuck, god damn it, it's such a bummer, all that happens,
and I'm like, fuck it, god damn it, I'm gonna make sure that the answer to that
is always because I'm awesome.
And I just like, just getting more and more tastes of it,
and just going like, no, you're gonna fucking kneel before me,
and then I was like, why is that the answer is gonna be, why aren't you doing this,
this way, and that way, and that way?
And then along the way, it was sort of like caught up in this sort of like,
well, the big key to that is like public, you know, spotlight transparency.
Like there should be no barrier between what's going on in your head,
and what's coming out of your mouth, and what's going on behind closed doors,
and because that's everybody else's jam, because they're all ashamed of themselves,
and they're all terrible people, they're shadow people,
and they want you to be merged with their shadows,
and you're just gonna be honest, and you're gonna be who you are,
and you're gonna flaunt who you are, and they're gonna not kill you,
and that's when you're gonna know you succeed.
Then I spent my life like tricking people into situations where they're tempted
to try to kill me so I can prove that they can't, so I can be alive,
and consider myself a success, and it's just this fucking syndrome,
and then I, you know, and it culminated in like a public relationship,
and I got married, and now I'm divorced, and it was like, none of it matters,
and then I got like, oh, what if where you put your dick,
and what you did with it, and what made it hard, and when it came,
and where you shot the cum, like what if that was like kind of like, I don't know,
what if there was a little bit of a box around that,
what if you made a box around here, and what if everybody that you knew intimately,
like there was a box around them, and it's like, oh, I guess that would be called privacy,
and then you could just like, yeah, I mean, I wish, I want nothing more than to be able
to tell people like what I get up to when I fuck,
but the fact is society couldn't handle it, and that's why I'm able to cum,
that's the only thing that could ever make me cum, so if I told you, you'd be like,
whoa, and then I'd be like, and then my dick would be like, meh,
so then I'd have to go further, and then I'd be like, I'm hard,
and you'd be like, that's crazy, and I'm like, yep, it was,
and then so I'm in a sweet spot, I got some tricks, I got some costumes.
I admire you like having that privacy for yourself, that's good.
Yeah, your sexuality like should be sexy, and it should be your own dirty little secret.
I go to criminal places, terrible, low, ethically horrible places.
I'm not coming until like, well that's not true.
All the time it's like, you know, I just want to make sure,
because it's like, whoa, what if you can only go to that place?
No, but I'm saying like, I go to terrible, terrible, dark, dark crevices
of the human imagination, because you're not supposed to.
But with somebody who's consensually into that too.
No, God, no, consent, no.
No, oh God, no, Jeff, that's the whole point.
Yes, yes!
With a consent to good dogs.
Yes, but it's horrible, and there's really no way it never wouldn't be horrible.
Like, that's a thing, it's like, oh, let's all live in this society
where we all kind of talk about everything, and all the language is monitored,
and if you say this, then you intend this, but that's not really true,
because we know that the people that are really good at saying things right
are some of the worst people in the world.
And then we're down here policing each other's language,
because we're so caught up in the idea of language being intent,
but we're still disguising it down here, because when you get behind closed doors,
it's all about, like, it's thought, and it's intent and stuff,
and it's like, the way you treat each other, it should be,
I don't know where to go with that, but it's a lot of babysitter stuff.
That's a short answer, the short answer is babysitter stuff.
Short answer is it's a lot of babysitter stuff, but, you know, it's beyond that.
Okay, that's the baseline.
Thanks for taking care of my kids.
Have you ever dressed up either yourself or your...
No, my wife's working at the hospital.
Have you ever dressed up as yourself or your Leva, as you call her?
In period costume, have you ever gone into a different era?
Well, yes, the 80s.
Yes, my high school, yes.
Okay, that's good, I like that.
But, no, nothing, no dangerous liaisons, kind of like,
oh, Oscar-worthy stuff, yes.
William, do you go into the costume realm?
Yeah, well, as an actor, what I get is I get the...
What's your favorite film that you've been in?
Oh, The Independence Day.
Alright.
See, we're role-playing right now.
The Independence Day.
Yeah, The Independence Day.
Hello, yeah.
Yeah.
How did people in England...
That was a hit movie, I'm assuming it was kind of a global...
Like, somebody in London must have wanted to go see Independence Day.
Well, you were not born for 80 years.
So, I guess I'm not, I'm asking the wrong person,
but I'm just curious, they're like, oh,
there's another big American Explodum-up movie,
and then it's just like, this is our Independence Day.
I'm like, well, alright.
Yeah, rub it in.
Can't aliens attack and it not be about this fucking thing
you keep bringing up?
We used to rule the world down.
Not anymore.
Like those aliens?
The aliens were an allegory for the British.
But don't you think the British pilots,
because right there are a bunch of international pilots on that tarmac,
when Bill Pullman's making the speech of that movie,
isn't there like a good...
They should have a shot of like 20 British guys
pulling off flight helmets and going like,
you know what, if you're going to make it fucking complicated for us,
how did it sign on to this allegory?
And that scene is absolutely ripping off Shakespeare,
that's the St. Crispin's Day speech.
So like, yeah, that's in your face, England.
Hey!
No, I'm on your side.
I think that's us needlessly rubbing it in.
Did you know that Shakespeare invented the word eyeball?
Oh, God, he's going to bring this up again.
You guys are stepping at each other.
Is that true?
Yes.
Yeah, is it true?
Yes, eyeball.
Can you make up the word bump?
Yes, bump.
Amazement, compromise.
Uncomfortable.
Uncomfortable, except comfortable already existed.
So, partial credit.
We'll give it to him.
This is a promotion for my new show, Great Minds, on the History Channel.
Now, here's where I...
Here's my beef with Shakespeare.
Because of Iambic pentameter...
Here we go.
Because of Iambic pentameter's strict rules, it has to be Romeo, Romeo.
Where for art the Roman...
It's Romeo.
But you can't say Romeo because it fucks up the Iambic pentameter.
No one wants to say Romeo.
Yeah.
They're from Italy.
No one in Italy calls it...
Yeah, if they would have called it Romeo, it would have been famous.
It would have been huge.
They would have got that right.
Now, Rob, back to your biscuits.
Delicious.
You say you put jam on them, but I think they're fine just on their own.
You know, I don't think it needs any help.
They are.
They are quite good if you heat them up.
How much...
What do you set the oven to?
Great Minds on History Channel.
425.
It's a good show.
Do we...
We don't have it.
No, not.
Spencer is great on history.
Let's roll the clip.
Watch Great Minds on History.
Yeah, let's roll the clip.
Let's roll the clip.
What are we watching?
Do you want to set up the clip?
Yeah, this is Episode 6.
We go into the center of the earth.
Play the clip.
Fade out, fade down.
Oh, this is a time machine situation mishap.
Spenser, why are we at the center of the earth?
Every time we go to the...
This happens every time.
Oh look, out the window, there's a historical figure.
Why is he down there?
Looks like it's...
He's bald.
It's Billy Zane.
Hi, I'm Billy...
Someone called out, it's Billy Zane, and I guess, yeah, it's Billy Zane's out there.
We can do this the easy way or the hard way.
He's doing his line from Back to the Future 3.
How long, William?
You're going to get a part.
I've got to say, I've only seen 14 episodes of Harmonton, and the first four.
Oh no, it's okay, you don't have to be a fan.
This is going to be...
No, no, no.
I don't know, are you clearly set up a bit?
And I don't know what the bit is.
I'm sorry.
And now I'm interrupting it.
No, no, no.
I'll catch it.
It's just bad input.
There's nothing more.
We're going to give you a historical figure to play.
If you could play any character from history, anybody at all, who would it be?
Margaret Thatcher.
Okay.
I fucking knew it.
I knew it.
The Iron Lady.
Yes.
All right.
So we'll cue you, you'll know when you're coming into the scene, and think of it like
it's a radio play.
Oh, this is a woman brace, thank you.
All right, so we're in a drill, we're at the center of the earth, we just saw Billy Zane.
Look what's right next to Billy Zane.
Oh.
Is that the Iron Lady?
Let's, let's listen and see what she's saying.
Hello.
Oh, she's, she's, we're drowning.
We should pick her up.
Oh, thanks.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Get in here, Iron Lady.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Uh, strap into the, into the cargo bay and let's get you.
I'm strapping the fucking right now.
Let's get you back up topside.
Uh, I guess I don't need any help.
Just, you just left Billy Zane in the center of the earth.
There's only three seats in the center of the earth.
That's fine.
All right.
Here we are back.
I was in, uh, this season, Spencer, either you have to get out with Margaret Thatcher
and I'll go back down and get Billy Zane or you leave the, you leave the, you leave the
fox with the chicken feed.
Why don't you leave the, will you go down and get Billy Zane?
Oh yeah.
I'll go, I'll, I'll be right back.
You guys sit here.
I'll, I'll drive off in the mobile.
I smell, I smell double, double podcast coming on right now.
It looks like he, it looks like we've come up of ground here in Kentucky.
Billy Thatcher, you look, you look, you look terrible and no, you've been, no, you've been,
I mean, it's like you've been through a lot.
Let's get you, let's get you clothed and fed.
I'm clothed.
What are you talking about?
Let's get you a new change of clothes, not all lava and dirt is up and, uh, and then
we'll go get you some food.
Oh thanks.
Thank you.
Clip, clop, clip, clop, clop, clop.
Billy Zane.
Are you down here?
Help me.
Uh, do you got help me?
Where?
I'm, I'm, help me please.
Help me please.
They left me behind and help me, my leg's broken, my bone's sticking out of my leg,
it hurts so much.
Help me, please, help me.
Why were, if that was the case, why were you just quoting earlier lines you've done
the last time we counted you?
I'm serious for the pain, what are you, you're, you're questioning me, the bone is sticking
out of my leg, you're, you don't like how I was speaking before when you left me?
Yeah, no, it's really souring my, uh, my benevolence here, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get
out of here.
No, you can leave me a second time, please help me, I'm Billy Zane, I loved you on season
six, shit, uh, meanwhile at, at Abercrombie and, and, and, and Fitch, why, why, why would
I stammer and find Fitch, was I gonna beat Fitch, Abercrombie and Diamond, what was I
gonna, it was gonna beat Fitch, fucking idiot, meanwhile at Abercrombie and Fitch, so that,
yeah, that looks great on you.
No, no, I think I prefer the blue one actually, you know.
Right, well, let's, excuse me, I hope, uh, don't interrupt you, but we're, we're about
to close the store.
Look, we're gonna need a bit more time, all right?
All right, well here's the keys, oh, thanks, turn the lights off and lock the door, yeah,
all right, all right, okay, and, and make sure no one steals all this money, oh no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no,, please,, so, so, so, so, so, well, this, all right, I'm
starting, untying, untying, untying, untying, untying, untying, untying, untying, untying,
untying, untying, untying, untying, untying, untying, untying, untying, untying, untying,
No, that's been elaborately set up, so we're gonna fucking case this joint.
Maggie.
Yeah, what?
What?
He just put his trust in us.
What a girl wants.
What a girl needs.
What a British public trust in me.
Montage.
Montage of trying on clothes and then stealing things.
Margaret Thatcher!
You're corrupting me.
Yeah, I corrupted the fucking British morale, but you know.
Oh, I'm gonna fuck about that.
Shots fired!
All right, and all culminates in us finishing filling up bags with cash, and also you come out of the dressing room in the perfect dress, and I'm like, that's the one.
And then we run out to the parking lot and we...
I just forgot my lunchbox, but...
Oh, shh.
What the heck?
I'm just me, I think.
All right, then, you're gonna have to fucking take this person out.
No, Margaret.
These are the trash bags that I left there, and what's the exact...
Go to waste this fool.
All of the fendies and...
Waste this fool!
Hit!
Ha!
Piano wire that I stole from the piano section of your store.
Oh, yeah.
Around your throat, around your throat.
My neck is over there.
I don't...
What?
You're some kind of magician.
Hit!
Oh!
Oh, my gosh.
Hit!
What are you doing?
Well, I'm choking you to death.
Oh, a big choke.
He's imagining you're in front of him right now.
Okay, all right.
Okay.
Why would you steal my money after that?
Why are you killing me when I caught you?
I trusted you.
That's why you don't buy piano wires in Abercrombie and Fitch.
You can't kill somebody with those.
All right.
Margaret Thatcher, go kneel behind him and I'll push you over his back on the count
of three and then we'll run because he'll have fallen down.
So, anyways, just out here stargazing and...
Oh, shit.
Billy Zane!
Yes!
It took 11 minutes for me to crawl up here, but I'm finally going to get my revenge on
you, Margaret Thatcher, for breaking my heart.
Oh, fucking hell.
Yes.
That's what we're going to do.
Come with me, Margaret Thatcher.
Oh, no.
We're going to fucking hell.
Later in hell.
Yes!
These are your legs.
Oh, yes.
Invade me like the Falkland Islands.
Yes!
Oh, yes.
And I'm the devil and I'm whipping you both.
And I'm like, yeah, keep fucking.
And I'm kind of like getting suspicious.
I'm like, wait a minute.
Who's taking advantage of who here?
Keep fucking, keep fucking Billy Zane, Margaret Thatcher.
And then I walk back...
I'm walking back to my devil office.
And I'm demoralized.
I'm like, I don't even know.
Hey, honey, why do you look so blue?
Stephanie, could you hold all my calls?
Okay, but you have a full inbox of a lot of important devil things to do.
Yeah, but could you just come to my office and just hear me out?
This isn't going to be one of your...
No, no, no. I swear to God.
Ever since that lawyer came, like, I don't...
We had the whole HR seminar about this.
No, I get it. It's an unfair power dynamic.
That's the whole point. I can't even go there.
No matter how many signals you send me, it's unfair to you.
This is not going to happen. I'm in love with Roderick.
That's fine. Please don't ever say that again or I'll fire you!
See, that's exactly why...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I pretend you didn't hear that.
I'm coming into the office.
I will never fire you.
I'm sitting over here.
All right. Stephanie...
Oh, I'm sorry. My high heel just popped off my...
The heel of my...
Let me...
Let me pop that back on before it dangles there for a while.
Oops, there she goes again.
Now I pop it back on.
Pop!
Dangle, dangle, dangle, dangle, dangle.
What is it? What's on your mind?
Dangle.
Stephanie...
Yes?
I've got two things to say to you.
What is it, devil?
I think you lost your shoe!
And you're fired!
No, that didn't make me a hero.
Okay.
You know what? Stephanie, don't. You're not fired.
You brought me in the office. I'm assuming for a reason.
I've got a lot of work to do out here.
I don't feel like hell is working.
You used to have an edge because
you go out there and you're whipping people that enjoy it.
I've got a lot of people out there.
I think a lot of people are having more fun in hell than in heaven.
And I think maybe that you're not
like a devil.
Maybe you're secretly...
You're like a...
You're like a god.
Well, doi.
Don't diminish me.
I was an angel that loved God too much.
I got fired from heaven. I don't know how I'm in hell.
And I'm like...
I'm not that big.
It's running without me.
And it's a bummer.
I just got done whipping
politicians.
Someone's at the door.
Should I get that? You said hold your calls.
Yeah, open it.
Hey, it's me, Pinhead.
I hate to be a dick
with a copy machine,
just still does not have
enough toner.
I'm sorry, Stephanie.
I know. I promised Pinhead
a long time ago that all his IT problems
the buck would stop with me.
It's just ink toner.
Boss, devil,
you need to learn
to relegate
like things like to delegate.
Or delegate. And relegate.
I don't care if you relegate
or delegate. Get some shit
Pinhead.
Pinhead, we talked about your attitude.
I could copy my shit.
So I could copy my shit.
Fuck this job.
Pinhead!
Great, great.
Now he's dissolved through a portal.
I ain't fucking
dealing with this shit no more.
We can only hear him in the walls.
Shane opens the door.
Later at a bar. Oh, Pinhead,
you seem more confident than normal.
Yeah, well I told my boss
to fuck himself.
What are we drinking?
Give me two of the usual.
All right.
Make that one on me.
Oh, shit.
Nicole Kidman.
As I live and breathe.
Hey, Kidman,
I told you never to come back to this bar.
Get the fuck out of here.
I didn't tell you I couldn't come in
and buy people drinks.
I'm leaving.
I'm leaving. I'm turning into a bat.
Fucking
fucking Kidman.
That fucking Nicole Kidman.
All over my good time.
All I get is just
grief. Grief!
Do you know how hard I work at this job?
You work pretty hard.
I work 16
hour crunches.
Too much, man.
I'm burning out
and I'm in hell.
You got to learn
to smell.
I hadn't thought about that.
Pinhead, what are you going to do now?
You're out of a job, man.
You guys got to work.
Butterball and I,
we're getting together.
You still hang out with all the Senate Bites?
You guys all hang out?
Christmas cards for most of them.
But Butterball and I are still tight.
We went to college together.
You know,
we've been
working on this new
type of
way to make ceramics.
For real?
Yeah, it's new.
It's all healthy.
As it stands, ceramics
is an old, very time consuming
labor intensive process.
We've been working on it
in half the time, half the cost.
That's what it says on the box.
Half the time, half the cost.
You don't have to be waiting for it
to get out of the oven.
I have a cup of coffee.
Can I get into the ground floor of this?
I'll sell the bar.
Can I?
I was going to say, you've got the pizza oven there
and we can move the video game over there.
We've got ourselves a business.
We make the ceramics right here in the bar.
We're moving up in the world.
It's a montage to this song.
Moving up in the world.
You make ceramics all day long.
I got that money, money, baby.
Times are changing all the time.
I got ceramics all the time.
And there's a graph showing the ceramic sales
going up.
And the bartender and the pinhead
are being showered with coins.
Yeah, still a montage
of people buying ceramics.
Yeah, just people buying ceramics.
Now that money goes around.
I got that money.
Shopping carts full of aces.
And then, yeah, okay.
We've got so much money.
Can I talk to you
man to man?
Okay, let me close the drapes.
I feel like I'm doing
all the heavy lifting hairpinhead.
I feel like, you know...
My idea.
We wouldn't be here
if it wasn't for my idea.
Yeah, but we wouldn't be here
if it weren't for all my fucking blood, sweat, and tears.
Okay, so...
50-50.
No, I'm actually taking...
Somebody's opening the drape.
Oh, the gates are opening!
She'll lock the drapes!
What are you guys talking about?
Oh, shit!
Nicole, can we have one?
Just asking.
Okay.
Am I my way to an audition?
You guys have been giving me the cold shoulder lately.
No, no, no. Come in, come in. What is it?
What's on your mind?
Should I divorce Tom Cruise?
I mean...
Do you love him? Oh, shit.
I'll get it, I'll get it.
Get the back drapes, some of the back drapes.
Hello, Nicole. It's Tom.
Tom?
Oh, shit.
We should leave, we should leave. Let's let them talk.
No, no, stay.
Tom, whatever you have to say to me,
you can say in front of my friends.
You hurt me well enough
in front of everyone.
God, this is so...
You can't leave me, Nicole.
No, that's the problem, Tom.
The problem for you.
It's that I can.
I'll clean it up and tighten it later.
Didn't they get divorced
like 20 years ago?
Time and...
This is set in the 80s.
This is the whole movie.
In 90s?
Listen, I love you, Nicole.
Well, I...
Yeah, yeah.
Based for all intents and purposes, I love you.
That's what I'm afraid of.
Don't be afraid, Nicole.
But...
But what?
But what what?
What?
But...
Are we allowed to leave now?
What can we do?
Anything Nicole has to say to me,
she can say in front of you.
There's no forward progress in this conversation.
You guys have to communicate with each other.
What did I do to you, Nicole?
You're a bigger fool than I thought
if you don't know.
I might not have been born
when that happened.
And I wasn't born yesterday.
But when that happened, we all were.
And you know what you did.
And it all comes down, Tom.
It's not whether or not you love me
or don't love me.
It's whether or not when I look in your eyes
I can feel, I can feel
what I used to feel.
I walk and I put my hand
on a pane of glass
and there's raindrops on the other side.
And on the other side
of that window pane,
you can still see Billy Zane in the market.
That's a hellscape out there.
It's a fiery hellscape.
And they thump the wall
and a record needle goes down.
Well, Nicole,
I'm gonna have to get my lawyer involved.
Tom, no.
Oh, yes, Nicole.
Yes, it's past the point now.
I've introduced the character, Nicole,
my lawyer.
Oh.
I'm the lawyer.
Hi.
How are you?
I, uh...
I was in your purse.
All right, well,
let's get this over with.
Wait a minute.
I'm with Tom, right?
Yeah, I am, Tom.
Yeah, I was in your purse.
And now I'm just poking my nose
and my fingers out.
I'm like, I'm the lawyer.
This is a powerful visual, Nicole.
Think how it'll play in court.
Hello.
Fine, I love you. I love you.
Let's do it. Good. Nice.
Let's stay married.
Let's not just stay married. Let's fuck.
Let's fuck right here, Nicole.
Yes.
Yes. I'm Tom Cruise.
I'm Nicole Kidman.
Can we still leave?
Are we allowed?
I need you to watch.
If it's worth doing to me, it's worth you watching.
I'm trying to run a ceramics business here.
I don't feel safe with him.
See the...
You're done now.
Thank you, Tom.
So there's closure?
Yeah.
We're almost done with the show
if you left it this way.
Oh, really? Let's stick it out.
Yeah.
I came back to the devil's office with...
Stephanie, was it?
What was my name?
Stephanie, yeah.
Devil.
The office has gone to shit since Penn had left.
I'm doing everything. I'm at sixes and sevens over here.
But I've been looking around.
Everybody's having a good time.
Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman got back together.
Kind of.
Their contra-tomp is kind of over.
Margaret Thatcher's having a time of her life.
Yeah, so why don't I just put on a...
What are we doing here?
Exactly. Why don't we...
Why aren't we just in heaven?
You know the bartender down the road?
He's making a fortune in ceramics.
All right, I'm the one holding up the show.
We're barely breaking even here.
Stephanie.
Get me God.
It's time.
Hello?
Hiya.
Hi, God. It's Steph.
I got the D-Bone on the phone for you.
Can I put you on?
Yeah, go for it.
Devil like I got...
Hey!
Hey, how's it going?
You know.
I mean, you know.
Yeah, you don't call too much,
but it's an uncommon.
Yeah, yeah.
Glad to hear from you.
It's good to hear you, too.
It's crazy.
It's like, I don't even know what's punishment,
what's reward.
Yeah, when you're outside of my glory,
things get all mixed up.
But you know all about that.
But it's got to be crazy up there, too, man.
No, I mean, it's heaven.
Paradise, my friend.
So, uh...
Yeah, I just...
I miss you, I miss you!
I miss you!
Yeah.
No, I know, I know.
All right, well,
we should get together sometime.
Yeah, no, I'm planning on that
a couple thousand years.
Don't flatter yourself, you fucking...
Oh, no, devil, devil.
Call him back, call him back.
No, I'm calling him back.
No, no, no!
I will turn you into a fucking mouse!
Our lawyers agree that you're not allowed to do that.
You're a mouse!
Squeak, squeak!
Everyone that defies me is a fucking mouse!
I don't want to fucking...
Why does he do that?
It's so fucked up to say to somebody!
Oh, my God, it's so fucked up!
Jumping out the devil window!
P classic.
Vanilla skull.
Very big seam.
Hunter, he just blinks.
He just blinks. Honey, he just blinks. Honey, he just blinks. Honey, are you okay? Are you
with us, honey? It's your mother and father, Mrs. Mr. and Mrs. Devil.
Oh, dad.
You had such a bad fall, big guy.
Your mom, dad. Yeah. I got kicked out of heaven. Yeah, I don't know.
You did it a second time. It's like it's self-destructive. You want to be unhappy, son.
It's like you want to be unhappy. I don't know. That doesn't help.
I'm just saying, you keep getting fired from your own jobs.
Like you're in charge of hell. Now it's being run by this weird ceramics corporation.
Shit's going, it's really horrifying.
And the devil's dick moves upward like Pinocchio's nose through the ceiling of the hospital.
Into the sky, where it blooms into a red tree with green leaves.
And within those green leaves, caterpillars feed.
I'll get it, says the little caterpillar.
Hello, it's Margaret Thatcher again. Where's the toilet?
It's over there.
It's over there. Back there? I'll be back.
It's the actual, yeah.
Really had to pee in real life. That was a real life pee.
Oh, he had to go back. Oh, he had to really go.
I think he really had to pee. We've been up here a long time.
I just realized, he was gesturing and he was pointing and I was like, I thought he
meant, like, like, like, should I leave? And I was like, no, baby, stay.
Like I was doing up a big favor, like, no, come on, we're all people here.
And he's like, I'm pissing my pants.
You know what he's doing? You know what he's doing right now?
It's making chocolate poopies.
It's great.
All right.
Where was it going with the caterpillars?
I don't know. Do we need to talk about the loud laughing guy again?
Like the, because we talked about everything else, you know, the guy who's like, where's
the guy?
He's right there.
There he is.
Let him have a good time.
He's having a great time.
All right.
Let him have a good time.
He's fine in here. People, people are still, they're going.
You got a loud laugh.
They're listening to the podcast and they're going like, that guy's laugh is amazing.
I don't know what to do.
I want to have a button to just push where that happens at all times.
You do, it's called this show and talking, right? I mean, he's having, he likes it all.
He likes, he likes it all.
I don't know what to do.
I'm making a log and somebody's laugh.
But it's just, I think it's the way it hits the microphones.
It's the Redditors, you know, they're joyless.
They don't hear a lot of laughter.
So they're like, they're like, oh my God, that's already grading just the sound of joy in
general.
And then that guy's like, holy shit, bulldozer of joy.
I have a thing going on here.
I mean, on the other side of the spectrum, we have, one guy just supplements all of his
joy to, yup.
I think, I think, I think, I think, I think we've learned to listen tonight.
Oh, we learned a lot.
I probably, I probably sum it up and something that you can applaud too.
Like a, like a, yeah.
Yeah.
Just let me feel.
Can I change my mind on that selection?
Yeah.
Sorry.
Just let me feel.
Yeah.
Sure.
Okay.
Oh shit.
Margaret Thatcher's back.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
Margaret Thatcher, can you hype ma'am for him?
Like flavor Flavestown?
I like, I like the other one though.
This one's intimidating me.
This reminds me of the movie.
Yeah.
Are you crazy for this one, Dan?
Can you believe it?
You hear that?
Yeah.
East Coast.
No, it's just, stick around.
He's just getting started.
East Coast.
East Coast is the only coast.
It's an unpopular opinion,
but only on the West Coast.
The West Coast doesn't exist.
It's an artificial construct
written by a list of people.
Call them Jews.
I'm an East Coast anti-Semitic rapper.
East Coast anti-Semitic rapper.
I believe the West Coast is a figment
created by the Zionists.
An extreme East Coast anti-Semitic rapper.
Don't get any more East Coast than this.
It's just a concept I'm workshopping.
I can't even hear the, what's the beat?
It just sounds like, yo.
You picked this one.
Yo.
Spaghetti.
Linguini.
Pasta.
Sauce.
I fucked your mama.
Who's the boss?
Give me a second.
Don't, don't help.
I mean, that's extreme, right?
That's extreme.
That's not fine.
That's fine.
Don't, don't, don't feel shame.
Don't, but feel a little,
say 10% shame.
Just feel 10% shame, I think,
than everyone will,
will stop losing subscribers.
Yup.
Top down, bottom up.
Fucked your mama so hard.
She looked like a cup.
The diameter of a vagina.
Was as big as North Carolina.
Put my dick in it so hard.
Fucked your mama into the front and back yard.
That song was over.
Okay.
No, we're doing it.
We're doing it.
I'm so, so close to it.
We're ending with this.
All right.
Yeah.
We can end at any moment.
Any moment this is over.
Shit.
Nancy Reagan dance.
Nancy Reagan dance, everybody.
Doing the Reagan.
He's doing the Nancy.
Oh, yes.
Hey, no.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Yeah.
Everybody do the Nancy.
Mustard.
Salt.
Ketchup.
Lettuce.
Fuck your mama.
She let us.
Do it.
That's confidence in.
Put it to it.
Stop.
Take it.
I'm coming down here for this show.
Let's do it.
Woo.
Let's hear it for William Q.
Uptown, downtown.
Fuck your mama.
Rob Schrab.
It's a great ending.
Side to side.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Thank you, Zach.
Chris.
Dustin.
Everybody back there doing the thing.
Drive fast and take chances.
You're allowed to leave whenever you want.
Fuck your mama for all her life.
Got the vegetables, cereals, grains, the whole food pyramid.
You're a nutrition.
Fuck your mama so she can get tuition.
That was badass.
Even so, that was good.
Fuck your mama for tuition.
Okay, all right.
And then we'll see you at South by Southwest, but there's still going to be a show here next week.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!